alright let's try the p3 AV set up for
the a Romania you see in the screen I'm
showing you to set up like making sure
everything is working properly is under
component because we cannot use the HDMI
for the ps3 because it's protected so
we're forced to use components that's
right now as you can see yeah I'm
loading the game everything seems fine
right doesn't it you will see in a
little bit what I'm talking about
I'm just picking a game right now what
happened when you start playing a game
every course perfectly fine ok what if
you want to change a different game like
oh I want to play a different game so
let's go back to the main screen again
that's like a different game it looks
just ignore it it doesn't detect
anything and why does it do this because
how can I explain this with the
injustice it was running 1080i and
schoolgirls I believe with the high C
goes to 720p so when you're switching
the resolution between games their
device actually lose the signal and they
won't find it again as you can see right
now I'm trying to find this thing that
doesn't detect it so what did I do is go
back to the HDMI PC settings I picked up
the settings and I went back to
components that is again and I load the
settings again and it works again well
if you're trying to switch in game it's
just gonna stop it's not going to take
the device anymore
another downside for Devi component so
now let's try the old Elgato Game
Capture or with the AV component
settings you can see right now the games
look perfectly fine on the screen I was
ready in schoolgirls because then they
were media last time I left almost go
over as you can see right now I say it's
the Tecna saying no illusion for a
couple seconds and the text in a gam
Lois it again for a couple seconds for
the Edit exit again you can see the game
works perfectly fine right now
you
which now let's see what happened you
can see right now is a lost thing no for
a couple of seconds
well I'm booting scores right now you
see in the screen right now it's loading
scores perfectly fine
something that avermedia current new
only difference is
they'll got to it takes a couple seconds
to load it for the load is perfectly
fine see I'm playing the game now which
they immediately let me do that was I
had to go back to the status and fix the
sentence wow what the elgato you don't
have to do any of that one of the powers
that I counter with the Avery media
capture Claire was the PSP AV component
setup whatever reason it was not
detecting it I was trying so hard to
detect in it you can see the screen is
to not attack tonight but the funny
thing I know it's working because I
could hear the audio right now you
cannot hear the audio on the video we
could play to say what that option right
now I'm trying to detect the console
which is the PS Vita handheld which is
connected today you're a meanie and
maybe component set up like I said
earlier tightenin so what do I decide to
do switch to the PC HDMI setup to make
it be detected which was detected
everyone then I switch back to the
component setup for the PSP which are
actually a detective it as you can see
at first handle signal detection and you
go back to the options from and the
amateur and newbie said it is that we're
not affected the only problem that I
also encounter is I should I say not the
only Lundy another problem that I
encounter as well was when you record
with the PSP with the aver media
actually the screen is shaking I will
show you in the screen right now if you
cannot really tell I will post a video
on listed on the screen and you can
check in the video description and you
will see the screens a little shake you
for the video and I check it all the
wires will correct it properly which
they are that's it right now
I don't know why it does this but it
does one of the problems I encounter
with that what they all got - it doesn't
do this so this is a huge dam or de red
media for the PSP setup ESP you all got
Game Capture car a V component recording
setup so everything seems pretty much
fine and I'm not as well say this right
now everything works perfectly fine
there's nothing wrong with it every
course everything fine it does what it's
supposed to do if it doesn't have the
shaking screen and the graphics are
perfectly fine like they should normally
mean so that's pretty much it
nothing much to say but the video speaks
for itself
you can see on the screen right now I'm
showing you the PC record on which it
works perfectly fine with the audio and
everything the longest you know how to
set it up and everything
dad I will not be in that on this video
right now as you can see like it was
faint works perfectly fine audio and the
graphics are perfectly fine no so one of
the things that thing I should let you
know right now perhaps I recorded for 41
minutes if they're not the file to be
31.9 for the Avery medium recorded one
hour and there was 4.87 you actually
could make the quality better and you
could perform and you could do a lot of
things with Avery media recording
alright guys a it is right
now I'm not going to show you the setup
for the Wii U or the Xbox 360 for the
elgato or they wear medium because they
were perfectly fine there's nothing
wrong with either those two things the
only reason I made this video to show
you the comparison between the AV
components settles for the ps3 and the
PSP or any any other older consoles to
be recorded using the AV setup the AV
set up for delgato works perfectly fine
they be set up for the AV Romania
doesn't work like it should be working
it works but it doesn't do his job like
it's supposed to
it lacks in so many ways it needs some
upgrades and then the instant
improvement you saw on the video I don't
need to go to details again and tell you
what happened now what went wrong but
that's pretty much it for that now your
by probably go state what about PC
recording for their Elgato you actually
could record PC recording world or
gateau but I wasn't really meant to do
that because the other option it's there
for you to record a PC like I said it
was not really meant to be done but you
could do it I'm not gonna bother doing
it because there was now really one of
the features of the capture core but
what the avermedia does it tells you
right there after that logical record PC
and that was one of their main
intentions which I give them credit for
so at the end of the story which capture
car is better if you're planning to
record console PSP yes three Wii U at
cluster e16 you you're better off going
what the Elgato Game Capture car if
we're media gets the job done
well askew so it only works with
perfectly fine with HDMI setup like the
Elgato
but if we want to record component setup
if your media doesn't do as a job like
it's supposed to but the reason why
every media right now is like one of the
greatest capture card is because a piece
of recording or dad I give it credit and
for that I still love my avermedia I am
disappointed it doesn't record ps3 and
their PSP like I supposed to but that's
ok because I have another capture card
but I'm just on you right now if you
guys want to buy a capture card just for
console recording a handheld recording
hello got to be your choice but if you
want to record peace Lee recorded and
console you're better off going with
avermedia but just be warned that the
components setup is kinda mess messed up
at the moment maybe some updates in the
future will fixed in a hopefully they
will do at the moment like I said the
console only Elgato is your choice PC
recording and console if we're media /
be warned that they'll got a superior at
the moment